Contribute to Fvwm-Crystal
--------------------------

I would not have learned FVWM without FVWM-crystal.
Its modular file structure made possible to concentrate
only on a given task. With time, FVWM_Crystal has grow to
a big project, and it is many files and many functions.
In order to easily find where is a given function, you
can use searchstring in the addons directory. It help me
a lot even after years with FVWM-Crystal.

And yes, FVWM is fun. I begun the Amiga recipe as a wink, and at
the end, the Fullscreen function have been fixed and extended
with the Disappear function, which make one of the best feature
of the Amiga OS, its unique (?) ability to cycle trough full-
screened windows and the workbench, available in all the
recipes of FVWM-Crystal.

You are welcomed to contribute to anything you can think about.
This include but is not limited to translations, new recipes,
improvement and bug fixes of existing functions, and of
course new functions, new decorations, new colorsets,
new pixmaps, whatever.

In order to get the big picture of how Fvwm-Crystal is working,
you must understand the loading order of the files.
That is not that hard, the first file FVWM will read is
	fvwm/config

This file will setup some needed environment variables, load the
recipe and last, read the userconfig file.

Another important file to considere is the recipe file.
The order of the Includes at the beginning is important.
If you are not sure, look in another recipe.

In fact, the big picture is important mostly for the loading order
of the files. Otherwise, searchstring is your friend.

Of course, you will need to RTFM. I use the man pages from FVWM
website in their stable version:
http://www.fvwm.org/documentation/manpages/stable/

Use them for 3 raisons:
1) they are in html
2) the unstable version is outdated
3) I want FVWM-Crystal to be compatible with the last released
	FVWM version. So use it with FVWM-Crystal even if you
	are using the cvs version of FVWM.

To send your contrinutions, the prefered ways are the email list:
https://mail.gna.org/listinfo/fvwm-crystal-users/ or an email
to my sourceforge account: dominique_libre@users.sourceforge.net

Support questions should be send exclusively to the email list.
By support questions, I also mean questions about the internal
of FVWM_Crystal and help with developping.

Have fun !
Dominique
