README for addons folder of FVWM_Crystal

See COPYING in main FVWM-Crystal folder

This addons folder contain the following files:

10-local.rules: udev rules for multituners DVB cards.
    The driver for some of those cards create different frontends
    for different tuners of the same card. mplayer understand only
    the first frontend of such cards. Those udev rules will
    symlink a second adapter to the first one, that with reverse
    tuner order. Please read the comments in the file before to
    copy it in /etc/udev/rules.d/.

alsamixerguis: simple wrapper script for alsamixer
    and multiple sound card

convert_colorsets: will show you how to convert colorsets
    for fvwm-crystal<3.0.7

crystal_diff: make a diff between files in $FVWM_USERDIR and a copy of
    the svn repository.

fvwm.vim: fvwm syntax file for vim

fvwm-crystal.pot; fvwm-crystal-script.pot: complete locale files for translation.
    Note: the ' into a translation must be double escaped when possible: \\ to
    not interfere with the code.

make_jalv_menu: will create some jalv entries into fvwm-crystal Applications menu.
    Must be easy to modify in order to use oter LV2 hosts.

make_mo: copy the locales and make_mo in $[FVWM_USERDIR]/locale/$LANG/LC_MESSAGES,
    edit fvwm-crystal.po, run make_mo and restart FVWM-Crystal.
    The most complete translation is the one in fr_FR.UTF-8.
    Please, considere to contribute with your translation.

make.pot: make the pot files or update already translated files.
    It must be run into the fvwm-crystal sources from that addons directory.
    If no po file is found, the pot files will be updated.
    To update the po files of your prefered language, copy them into that
    addons directory and run make.pot, they will be updated with the new strings.

makecrystalicon: make fvwm-crystal icons from arbitrary image file.

oo4.tar.bz2: files to get oofice4 into the application menu.

README: this file

searchstring: a script I use when I search in which file is (are) a given
    Fvwm-Crystal function. It search recursively in all the file from the
    current directory and its subdirectory, and is very basic, so be carefull.
    It will not write in any file.
    Usage:	searchstring "string"

searchvartofix: when updating from fvwm-crystal<=3.0.5
    you need to run this script.
varfix.sh: used by searchvartofix

sort_po: sort the po files; normally not needed any more.

start_jack, stop_jack: scripts to start and stop JACK via the console.
    Usefull when using jackdbus. You need to adjust them to your need and
    to put them in $PATH, as example in ~/bin. They will show up into the
    applications menu after restarting fvwm-crystal (or recreate the
    applications menu via the preferences).

sudo: a sudo example file

translatechars: pre alpha quality scripts. It is run by
    translatefilenames
translatefilenames: pre alpha quality script. It will remove
    some special characters from your files and directories names.
    Adapt translatechars to suit your need and run translatefilenames.
    Run it in some directory and it will change all the names
    recursively. Please, don't run it as root and make some backup
    before to run it.

Xdefaults: Xressources example file to use with FVWM-Crystal-
    Remove a strange urxwt binding that print garbage at stdout
    And more

Xdefaults.no_transparency: same than Xdefault, but with setup
    for non transparent virtual terminals.

Xresources: Xressources example file to use with FVWM-Crystal.
    Read INSTALL in main Crystal folder.
    For programs not using Xft, xfontsel can be used to determine a
    proper Xfs fontspec for a given font.
    The 'editres' program can be used to determine and set
    the resources of a given running program.

Xresources.no_transparency: same than Xressources, but with setup
    for non transparent virtual terminals.

Xsession: Xsession example file to use with FVWM-Crystal.
    Read INSTALL in main Crystal folder.
